Delete MWAA (#352)
NASA-IMPACT/veda-data-airflow: docs/contributing/add_a_general_dag.md

- `util_` - for utility files that can be shared across multiple DAGs (e.g. `util_s3file_check_`) 

### Tags

> - `Operations` - DAGs that are used for operational purposed, not for ingesting new data (fr example, scheduling and restoring backups)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Operations` - DAGs that are used for operational purposeds, not for ingesting new data (for example, scheduling and restoring backups)
```
